chore(docs): decrease memory footprint of idle HTTP and PGWire connec… (#1072)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/configuration.md

| -------------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| pg.enabled                       | true         | Configuration for enabling or disabling the Postres interface.                                                                                                                                    |
| pg.net.bind.to                   | 0.0.0.0:8812 | IP address and port of Postgres wire protocol server. 0 means that the server will bind to all network interfaces. You can specify IP address of any individual network interface on your system. |

> | pg.net.connection.limit          | 64           | The number of simultaneous Postgres connections to the server. This value is intended to control server memory consumption.                                                                       |

Reviewer: `http.net.connection.limit`'s default value should be also updated to 64.

| ------------------------------------------ |--------------| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| line.tcp.enabled                           | true         | Enable or disable line protocol over TCP.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| line.tcp.net.bind.to                       | 0.0.0.0:9009 | IP address of the network interface to bind listener to and port. By default, TCP receiver listens on all network interfaces.                                                                                                                         |

> | line.tcp.net.connection.limit              | 256          | The number of simultaneous connections to the server. This value is intended to control server memory consumption.                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| line.tcp.net.connection.limit              | 256          | The maximum number permitted for simultaneous connections to the server. This value is intended to control server memory consumption.                                                                                                                                    |
```
